these are colors that you'll need for
your Rosie this is Nev they'll regulars
burgundy and nadal crimson you can also
use cadny and orange to do the highlight
or you can use four million I've also
put some beeeeer number there and you
can't own your colors down if you need
to going to dip our brush into the magic
mix and in around there where the roses
will be for the sorcerer now there's two
ways of doing this here you can leave a
white a lighter gap some of the
background showing through or you could
put a little bit of a dark line there
just to say where the saucer shape will
be so you can you've got two options
there I just put a bit more into that
one make sure the coverage is enough if
you use too much of the magic mix you
will get more transparent look and then
the petals to the background section in
just little short choppy strokes blend
on your palate
remember this is going to be the
brightest one now the bottom candles are
usually in a little bit angular shape we
want to use netfile crimson across these
petals netball crimson is the median
colored mix so we're starting off with
the medium color and put these
sometimes we can change the angles of
these these later so just get some
little V shapes into their use the
burgundy for the dark to make a line to
say that thats dark going the underneath
there on that kettle siloed a little
burgundy down to darken in those pieces
where the pedals to the base of the rose
now on the outside edges of the petals I
want you to pick up net fault red and I
want you to brighten these outside of
these petals here with the neck fell red
then it we will be brightening them up a
little bit more a little later what we
need to do here is just darken this this
section here are just a little bit and
we're going to be using burgundy so you
need this to be dag to make sure that
the light colors will show up now we're
going to add burgundy and net full red
light to our brush and pull the strokes
around towards the center where the stem
comes out we're going to pull the brush
strokes around towards there and the
same on this side
and when you pull the ones from this
side make sure that they go in between
the other ones you can come out over the
top of that petal with this bottom one
now that was easy wasn't it now that
part that we need to do now is to do
some little strokes around the top of
here to to give you the look of the top
of the petals